hey folks our team was looking at ipfs
education and documentation which i
think as we all know is really critical
to come on up
really critical to community growth
being able to onboard both new users and
new contributors so we identified a few
areas we identified many more than what
you see on your slide here but a few
themes in here one is that if you look
at our documentation right now it
reflects the structure of our project
it's distributed to put it nicely and we
would love to consolidate our resources
so at the very least they're like
indexable findable in one place even if
they need to be split we can also do a
better job linking so for example
different formats from API documentation
to proto school tutorials and vice versa
and we're not telling compelling stories
I think we're making an assumption that
people are already gung-ho about D web
we need to be the ones to take this step
and not just explain ipfs but explain
what draws us to D web order the key
concepts they're so high level
explanations of D web concepts
compelling stories and familiar
metaphors would be amazing to add in
there and then we're not giving quite
enough context particularly for newer
users in terms of when we give examples
of installation which of these
inflammation implementations do you want
to install there's there's not a lot of
documentation about why I would choose
one over the other or examples of code
in usage I would love to see more that
fit my use case so showing things really
in the context of how you would use them
the apps you'd use them in what kind of
apps you would be building with all of
this fun stuff yeah I think that's our
big themes
[Applause]